Clarify Markdown layout props in Markdown guide (#2485)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/guides/markdown-content.mdx

This is a post written in Markdown.
```

> Metadata are then available to the layout through `Astro.props`. For example, you can access frontmatter properties through `Astro.props.frontmatter`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Specific properties are then available to the layout component](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdown-layout-props)  through `Astro.props`. For example, you can access frontmatter properties through `Astro.props.frontmatter`:
```
What about adding a link here instead of another callout, so we can remove the bottom line?

Not entirely opposed to metadata, though in this sentence we'd have some people arguing singular, some plural.  :sweat_smile: I think something like "Specific properties" might be even more useful, since the properties available to a layout component *are* different than properties exported when you're importing a Markdown component otherwise. (We just had this come up re: switching to content collections, which means changing from using a layout property to explicitly importing.)

Author: Love this change, thanks!

</html>
```

> [See all properties](/en/core-concepts/layouts/#markdown-layout-props) available through `Astro.props` in a Markdown layout.

Author: ```suggestion

```
